docs/config-server.md, before:

## Configuration file for server

forgive me im not checking this in a md renderer right now

"ip" -> must be either null or properly formatted ip address ("127.0.0.1") \
"cli_port" -> must be a valid port number formatted as a string ("27105") \
"web_port" -> must be a valid port number formatted as a string ("27106") \
"num_threads" -> number of threads processing runs \
"contest" -> whether contest is running or not \
"database" -> the sqlite3 database file. more info in database section. \
"teams" -> must be an array containing each team's information \
    "username" -> name of the team \
    "password" -> password for the team \
"languages" -> must be an array containing each valid language and its build instructions \
    "language" -> name of the language \
    "extension" -> filename extension for the language. defaults to .txt if this is missing \
    "compile" -> command for compiling a file with this language \
    "execute" -> command for executing a file with this language \
"problems" -> must be an array containing each problem's information \
    "name" -> name of the problem. clients will see exactly what is put here \
    "dir" -> directory of the problem's information \
    "html" -> path of problem statement relative to php server. see problem html section \
    "validate" -> command for validating a program's output \
    "testcases" -> number of testcases for this problem \
    "time_limit" -> time limit in seconds \
    "mem_limit" -> memory limit in MB \
    "pipe" -> whether to set up pipes between the validation and execution processes, false by default

A command is a string that is to be run in the system's shell. \
If any of the following tokens appear in the command, they will be expanded: \
- [PROBLEM_DIR]         -> directory of the problem
- [CASE_DIR_NAME]       -> name of the directory's case dir, which contains the testcases. default is cases
- [CASE_DIR]            -> directory of the problem's case dir, which contains each testcase. equivalent to [PROBLEM_DIR]/[CASE_DIR_NAME]
- [RUN_DIR_NAME]        -> name of the directory that stores all of the runs. default is runs
- [RUN_DIR]             -> directory of the problem's run dir, which contains each run. equivalent to [PROBLEM_DIR]/[RUN_DIR_NAME]
- [COMPILE_DIR_NAME]    -> name of the directory that stores the compilation outputs. default is runs
- [COMPILE_DIR]         -> directory of the problem's compile dir. equivalent to [PROBLEM_DIR]/[COMPILE_DIR_NAME]
- [BIN_DIR_NAME]        -> name of the bin directory to store compiled files. default is bin
- [BIN_DIR]             -> directory of the problem's bin dir. equivalent to [PROBLEM_DIR]/[BIN_DIR_NAME]
- [TEAM_NAME]           -> name of the team submitting
- [RUN_ID]              -> global id of the run
- [RUN_PID]             -> id of the run local to problem
- [MINUTE]              -> minute of the contest the run was submitted on
- [LANGUAGE_EXT]        -> extension of the language used.
- [CODE_FILENAME]       -> filename as it appears on client's machine, extension not included
- [BASENAME]            -> basename of the run. equivalent to [TEAM_NAME]-[RUN_ID]
- [CODE_DIR]            -> directory of the code file generated. default is runs
- [CODE_PATH]           -> path to the code file generated. The default is [CODE_DIR]/[BASENAME].[LANGUAGE_EXT]
- [COMPILE_PATH]        -> path to the compile output file generated. This is equivalent to [COMPILE_DIR]/[BASENAME].compile
- [TESTCASE]            -> current testcase number. equal to -1 if not used in the "validate" or the "execute" fields
- [CASE_PATH]           -> file that contains current testcase. equivalent to [CASE_DIR]/[TESTCASE].in
- [ANSWER_PATH]         -> file that contains the answer for the current testcase. equivalent to [CASE_DIR]/[TESTCASE].ans
- [OUTPUT_DIR]          -> path to the dir that contains the output files. Equivalent to [RUN_DIR]/tmp
- [OUTPUT_PATH]         -> path to the textfile generated after executing. This is equivalent to [OUTPUT_DIR]/[TESTCASE].output.
- [LETTER]              -> letter as specified in the config file (case sensitive)

When a run is submitted from a client, the server places it in the run queue. When a run is processed, \
it creates a file with the code called [CODE_PATH]. The code is then compiled based on the language's execute command, \
and the output is stored in [COMPILE_PATH]. If compilation succeeds, then the code will try to run each testcase. \
For each testcase, the execute command will execute. Each testcase's output (stdout) will be stored to [OUTPUT_PATH]. \
If the run exceeds the time limit, exceeds the memory limit, or has a runtime error, and no more testcases will be run. \
Otherwise, the problem's validate function will run for the current testcase; the validator *should* read the file from [OUTPUT_PATH] \
and check if it is correct. The validator's implementation is left up to the server admin, but it should conform with these rules:
- If the output is correct, it should exit with a code of 0.
- If the output is wrong, it should exit with a code of 1.
- Otherwise, such as when something wrong happened, it should exit with a code of 2, indicating a server error.
- The output path and testcase number should be passed in as arguments to the validator.
- The answer files should be in [CASE_DIR], and each answer file should be labeled as [TESTCASE].ans 
If the validator determines the output is wrong or if there is an error, no more testcases will be run. Otherwise, the run will \
continue to the next testcase. If no errors occur during this process, the run will succeed.

If at any point this process failed unexpectedly, the process ends and the run's status is set to server error.

Once a run stops running testcases, it will let the client know the verdict. All information related to this run (output path, compile path, etc.) will persist.

Some of the tokens above may be overrided in some situations. The order they are overrided in is undefined, so do not rely on the tokens being expanded in a particular order.
- [CODE_DIR] -> in a language
- [CODE_PATH] -> in a language

TEMP DATABASE SECTION \
This program writes run info to a sqlite3 database so that the web client can easily access it. The path to the database file is specified in the "database" field in the server config. If the file does not exist, the server will attempt to create it and initialize it with tables. Otherwise, it will use the runs table in the existings database file. However, it will always update the users table with what is currently in the server config.

full schema:
```sql
CREATE TABLE runs (
    id INT PRIMARY KEY,
    team_id INT,
    problem_id INT,
    language_id INT,
    testcase INT,
    status INT,
    timestamp TEXT,
    time REAL,
    memory INT
);

CREATE TABLE teams (
    id INT PRIMARY KEY,
    username TEXT,
    password TEXT
);

CREATE TABLE languages (
    id INT PRIMARY KEY,
    name TEXT
);

CREATE TABLE problems (
    id INT PRIMARY KEY,
    letter TEXT,
    name TEXT,
    html_path TEXT,
    time_limit REAL,
    mem_limit INT
);

PROBLEM HTML
The specified path is relative to the current directory. must contain 5 divs to work properly:
- problem-header
- problem-body
- problem-input
- problem-output
- problem-examples

example:
```html
<div id='problem-header'>
    <h1>A - Problem</h1>
    <h2>Time limit per test: 2 seconds</h2>
    <h2>Memory limit per test: 2 GB</h2>
</div>
<div id='problem-body'>
    <p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.</p>
</div>
<div id='problem-input'>
    <h2>Input</h2>
    <p>1 <= n <= 100</p>
</div>
<div id='problem-output'>
    <h2>Output</h2>
    <p>n integers</p>
</div>
<div id='problem-examples'>
    <h2>Examples</h2>
</div>
```

Commit message:

logging, remove output file upon completion

docs/config-server.md, after:

## Configuration file for server

forgive me im not checking this in a md renderer right now

"ip" -> must be either null or properly formatted ip address ("127.0.0.1") \
"cli_port" -> must be a valid port number formatted as a string ("27105") \
"web_port" -> must be a valid port number formatted as a string ("27106") \
"num_threads" -> number of threads processing runs \
"contest" -> whether contest is running or not \
"database" -> the sqlite3 database file. more info in database section. \
"teams" -> must be an array containing each team's information \
    "username" -> name of the team \
    "password" -> password for the team \
"languages" -> must be an array containing each valid language and its build instructions \
    "language" -> name of the language \
    "extension" -> filename extension for the language. defaults to .txt if this is missing \
    "compile" -> command for compiling a file with this language \
    "execute" -> command for executing a file with this language \
"problems" -> must be an array containing each problem's information \
    "name" -> name of the problem. clients will see exactly what is put here \
    "dir" -> directory of the problem's information \
    "html" -> path of problem statement relative to php server. see problem html section \
    "validate" -> command for validating a program's output \
    "testcases" -> number of testcases for this problem \
    "time_limit" -> time limit in seconds \
    "mem_limit" -> memory limit in MB \
    "pipe" -> whether to set up pipes between the validation and execution processes, false by default

A command is a string that is to be run in the system's shell. \
If any of the following tokens appear in the command, they will be expanded: \
- [PROBLEM_DIR]         -> directory of the problem
- [CASE_DIR_NAME]       -> name of the directory's case dir, which contains the testcases. default is cases
- [CASE_DIR]            -> directory of the problem's case dir, which contains each testcase. equivalent to [PROBLEM_DIR]/[CASE_DIR_NAME]
- [RUN_DIR_NAME]        -> name of the directory that stores all of the runs. default is runs
- [RUN_DIR]             -> directory of the problem's run dir, which contains each run. equivalent to [PROBLEM_DIR]/[RUN_DIR_NAME]
- [COMPILE_DIR_NAME]    -> name of the directory that stores the compilation outputs. default is runs
- [COMPILE_DIR]         -> directory of the problem's compile dir. equivalent to [PROBLEM_DIR]/[COMPILE_DIR_NAME]
- [BIN_DIR_NAME]        -> name of the bin directory to store compiled files. default is bin
- [BIN_DIR]             -> directory of the problem's bin dir. equivalent to [PROBLEM_DIR]/[BIN_DIR_NAME]
- [TEAM_NAME]           -> name of the team submitting
- [RUN_ID]              -> global id of the run
- [RUN_PID]             -> id of the run local to problem
- [MINUTE]              -> minute of the contest the run was submitted on
- [LANGUAGE_EXT]        -> extension of the language used.
- [CODE_FILENAME]       -> filename as it appears on client's machine, extension not included
- [BASENAME]            -> basename of the run. equivalent to [TEAM_NAME]-[RUN_ID]
- [CODE_DIR]            -> directory of the code file generated. default is runs
- [CODE_PATH]           -> path to the code file generated. The default is [CODE_DIR]/[BASENAME].[LANGUAGE_EXT]
- [COMPILE_PATH]        -> path to the compile output file generated. This is equivalent to [COMPILE_DIR]/[BASENAME].compile
- [TESTCASE]            -> current testcase number. equal to -1 if not used in the "validate" or the "execute" fields
- [CASE_PATH]           -> file that contains current testcase. equivalent to [CASE_DIR]/[TESTCASE].in
- [ANSWER_PATH]         -> file that contains the answer for the current testcase. equivalent to [CASE_DIR]/[TESTCASE].ans
- [OUTPUT_DIR]          -> path to the dir that contains the output files. Equivalent to [RUN_DIR]/tmp
- [OUTPUT_PATH]         -> path to the textfile generated after executing. This is equivalent to [OUTPUT_DIR]/[TESTCASE].output.
- [RUNTIME_DIR]         -> path to the dir that contains the stderr output files. Equivalent to [COMPILE_DIR]
- [RUNTIME_PATH]        -> path to the textfile generated while executing. This is equivalent to [COMPILE_DIR]/[BASENAME]-[TESTCASE].runtime
- [LETTER]              -> letter as specified in the config file (case sensitive)

When a run is submitted from a client, the server places it in the run queue. When a run is processed, \
it creates a file with the code called [CODE_PATH]. The code is then compiled based on the language's execute command, \
and the output is stored in [COMPILE_PATH]. If compilation succeeds, then the code will try to run each testcase. \
For each testcase, the execute command will execute. Each testcase's output (stdout) will be stored to [OUTPUT_PATH]. \
If the run exceeds the time limit, exceeds the memory limit, or has a runtime error, no more testcases will be run. \
Otherwise, the problem's validate function will run for the current testcase and check if it is correct. \ 
The validator's implementation is left up to the server admin, but it should conform with these rules:
- If the output is correct, it should exit with a code of 0.
- If the output is wrong, it should exit with a code of 1.
- Otherwise, such as when something wrong happened, it should exit with a code of 2, indicating a server error.
- The answer files should be in [CASE_DIR], and each answer file should be labeled as [TESTCASE].ans 
If the validator determines the output is wrong or if there is an error, no more testcases will be run. Otherwise, the run will \
continue to the next testcase. If no errors occur during this process, the run will succeed.

If at any point this process failed unexpectedly, the process ends and the run's status is set to server error.

Once a run stops running testcases, it will let the client know the verdict. The status of the run is stored in the database.

Some of the tokens above may be overrided in some situations. The order they are overrided in is undefined, so do not rely on the tokens being expanded in a particular order.
- [CODE_DIR] -> in a language
- [CODE_PATH] -> in a language

TEMP DATABASE SECTION \
This program writes run info to a sqlite3 database so that the web client can easily access it. The path to the database file is specified in the "database" field in the server config. If the file does not exist, the server will attempt to create it and initialize it with tables. Otherwise, it will use the runs table in the existings database file. However, it will always update the users table with what is currently in the server config.

full schema:
```sql
CREATE TABLE runs (
    id INT PRIMARY KEY,
    team_id INT,
    problem_id INT,
    language_id INT,
    testcase INT,
    status INT,
    timestamp TEXT,
    time REAL,
    memory INT
);

CREATE TABLE teams (
    id INT PRIMARY KEY,
    username TEXT,
    password TEXT
);

CREATE TABLE languages (
    id INT PRIMARY KEY,
    name TEXT
);

CREATE TABLE problems (
    id INT PRIMARY KEY,
    letter TEXT,
    name TEXT,
    html_path TEXT,
    time_limit REAL,
    mem_limit INT
);

PROBLEM HTML
The specified path is relative to the current directory. must contain 5 divs to work properly:
- problem-header
- problem-body
- problem-input
- problem-output
- problem-examples

example:
```html
<div id='problem-header'>
    <h1>A - Problem</h1>
    <h2>Time limit per test: 2 seconds</h2>
    <h2>Memory limit per test: 2 GB</h2>
</div>
<div id='problem-body'>
    <p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.</p>
</div>
<div id='problem-input'>
    <h2>Input</h2>
    <p>1 <= n <= 100</p>
</div>
<div id='problem-output'>
    <h2>Output</h2>
    <p>n integers</p>
</div>
<div id='problem-examples'>
    <h2>Examples</h2>
</div>
```
